The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2017 Balint Balazs

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


CUDA (r)

This distribution includes CUDA(r) binary libraries under the terms of Chapter 1
of the End User License Agreement for the NVIDIA(r) CUDA(r) Toolkit, found in
CUDA_EULA.pdf. Users agree to the terms of that license, including the
following restrictions:

the Redistributable SOFTWARE shall be distributed solely in binary form to
Licensee's licensees ("Customers") only as a component of Licensee's own
software products (each, a "Licensee Application")

Licensee shall design the Licensee Application such that the Redistributable
SOFTWARE files are installed only in a private (non-shared) directory location
that is used only by the Licensee Application;

Licensee shall obtain each Customer's written or clickwrap agreement to the
license terms under a written, legally enforceable agreement that has the
effect of protecting the SOFTWARE and the rights of NVIDIA under terms no less
restrictive than this Agreement.
